[Music]
Hey Javi from the Canary Islands if you can
send encouragement to my Canarian brothers on
the island of La Palma who are suffering
the inclemency of the volcano
I have two friends one of whom has lost
crops and the other has had to release his
cattle they are going through some agonizing times
here I'm going to tell you a lot of encouragement I didn't
understand much of what's happened
because I've been quite busy but I'm
going to say something about a volcano I haven't
seen on Twitter it
gives me a lot of encouragement and I hope it causes
as little damage as possible okay well gentlemen of
Greece from Greece I
was saying outside of it from the stratum no
when I say one thing it's because it is
okay there
will be times when I can say things and there will be
other times when I can't but if
I told you two days ago that the one
behind the wine river messing things up
is the cref they
told me it's because he's from Grey I
mean I don't say something without making sure
you [ __ ] no I didn't get places I didn't get it right it
wasn't a hit it was
verified information obviously I
can't say who told me for me they
called me yesterday it wasn't yesterday it wasn't yesterday yes  They
called me yesterday and told me that he
is in serious condition and that he is doing
this. I am stopped, I will be there and the
person who called me and told me this is
true, I couldn't doubt it a little bit. They
require many thanks
3 gay, thank you very much, you know people,
if you want to always find out about the
best verified news that
sells us humor and that everything is real, then you
have to be subscribed with the
bell activated. Today
the notifications are not working for me, no, some of
you do not work, they do not notify us of
all the YouTube notifications,
some of you fail all the
YouTube notifications, not to a greater one
as the south has done to me, if you do not
know until I said it, who
fails all the notifications, which I do
not understand, let's see,
put more, some guys fail the
YouTube notifications, well that does not
usually happen very much,
thank you very much for that renewal, well
the notifications fail, nothing happens
because that's what we have this
Twitter account for, me kids, okay, you follow them,
what you have to do is always
follow it
and activate the bell, okay, you see this little
bell for the active one  and
getting it and it marked the little bell what
happened to you it marks the
little bell that will notify you of all
the videos from all my channels all
main channel secondary channel
lollipop and everything okay already
happy thank you very much
I better not put it or rather we have
created a [ __ ] twitter
we have created a [ __ ] twitter
that needs a state extension let's
see they have told me that I have an
extension in the browser but why do I have to
install an extension in the
browser it seems to see the mountains
what does the
browser extension have to do with the nicknames
and I put it
add tension thanks you load the
Wayne River
and it has loaded it because surely the
vast majority is not going to participate again
this is a lie I did not have to install
anything no I did not have to
install anything right
this extension is not for that but well
but well what is it that I do not understand
anything really there are people seriously supporting
youtube supporting greve okay it is what they
do many times to eat
sell themselves a little no well let's see
some youtubers
good night javi good greetings from
Mexico greetings  Felix a hug well
let's see some youtubers who have
supported believing
Chocas let's see what Chocar says you
know that with Chocar
we always agree because the
truth is that the kid has very
coherent opinions we are not going to stop throwing
stones we are going to stop doing nonsense we are going to
enjoy it
the white king will go ahead I hope that
all the content creators, both
big and small, see it well, they want to
contribute to a greater or lesser extent that
each one contributes what they want and
what they can do not bother people
with what they contribute to those who do not want to contribute, do not
contribute
nothing happens to those of us who can and want to, we will
do it, no going crazy it
is a very good project a very
healthy project, very positive, very good and that's it
God but why do they always say there is this
type of nonsense, I
am that they sell it as if it were a
miracle
to me that this [ __ ] style
really I with this [ __ ] that
when they put themselves in this plan how cool
I can when they put on this
nonsense I can't it is a very
healthy project but what is a video  or a pear that I
always know by then no this unites the
community it is a very beautiful thing it is a
video it is a video compiling whatever you feel like
compiling because it does not
even unite the community it does not even
represent the community
the one on youtube well they take the youtubers
that give them money
and everything family fidelito okay then
hispano assured that it is being done by a
kid who is a fan of greve and cool stuff and
what he does is compile the things that
come out of their support I did not see I did not see
last year let's see last year well I did not
see a lot of very relevant events
that happened they
are memes and cool stuff and that's it
but he did not ask for thank you very much it is not
a very healthy thing very beautiful he is
handsome it is very well edited he has a
job or he is [ __ ] great but they
are people who stab each other in the
back okay as it happened with gres that has been
attempted it
is a very healthy project very I do not know what
that kid is let's see the cool one today
we are going to do an extract of the cool one
allen cool he is a kid okay he is a
super fan  of greve above all you grow
the decree of the shooter of all
these kids okay and the cool one likes to
edit a lot and edits like a [ __ ] great but
always and apparently jose gmail this I do
n't know if he did one hundred percent but from
what I've heard not from what I catch
the kid has created like a company or
the head of a company of a production company
where you commission videos and you commission
things I'm not mistaken something like that no well the
kid has an amazing team that
now he is but the kid already alone
in his house made videos like great
without a budget or rather the kid made
a video acheter today I find it
because he made this video to the shooter that
this video is the host
[Music] they
should make a wine river of the
salsa well if someone offers me that
I see that edits at this
level and is capable of compiling
powerful things then heat let him
do it I only pay for the work and it
premieres on my channel that on my channel I
think de sal se or not is where it has to
be  but I hope it's
very good to know that I don't deny that it's
a piece of work that the kid is
the best I had in this video this
video is impressive how it is edited
okay if someone hasn't seen it
watch it the video is [ __ ] awesome with
meditating I met him here look in 2016 I
already saw this video okay
then the kid what he did anyway you see this
guy doesn't have a budget and this
is incredible what happens face has
a team and also the
youtubers have joined and collaborated and stuff and they do their
cameo okay last year they hired the
locations for the plane the a3 or I don't
know what it's worth the more budget the
better but what
is a kid then he started to do it
on his own he remade it his own way
editing taking things I remember
a king who put in the argos thing the
michu thing the paco sanz thing he put in a ton
of stuff that had already happened when he
started hanging around with the cool guys because
what happens because of the [ __ ] that happens here
in spain look in spain he was talking to
play about the donations  in
spain we are
behind a couple of steps behind with
america okay in america it has been years since the
pattern thing about
donations and there is nothing wrong with it you
hire netflix pay 7 pay 11 terror
I don't care disney blast from indie plaza
why not donate to your streamer
to accompany you every day a
lot of gold and give you a lot of
entertainment the
streamer does a [ __ ] great job
of entertainment I accompany a lot of
people in the morning half who are
cleaning the whole house or kitchen or
cooking truck drivers many write to me so
why aren't you going to give 11 payment
a month 15 to come back but it is for weddings or
donations so that you have been seen
clearly and here that is the
first thing that forced the and
when dallas did it back in
2015-2016 throughout the hispanic community
the sellout rats will start calling who
asks for money who pass the cap okay
nowadays every weekend they live off
SUV subscriptions
donations bits
and with  the sar thing will pass you the same
you go to America to the main
salsa channels the main one I would
say is Franco's feeling I wouldn't
know how to tell you I think if he reads about
Franco or three h3 and h3t not only but his
name is the kid
and the popular youtubers even go to
those channels when they have something to
clarify or when they have to use or to
tell and it's normal and current here in
Spain the group of youtubers not
all not all because I with almost everything
but there is still a group of youtube that seems to
create rejection to the salsa player to the
sal channels seo 10 houses away to the ceo it's
that he talks about others it's that you talk about I do
n't know what it is that he lives off controversies the
left looks at him fighting debates
like I have to have normal and
current and valid content
here maybe four or five
more years will pass until it's normal
until it's normal okay and
this plunger well the salsa songs from
last year for example he didn't include them and there were
songs that were really
popular
you understand and that's it  what happens that's what
happens then youtube the river
wine leave them cool represents the
youtube community or
spanish speaking tweets well it doesn't represent
the group of colleagues there are no
beauty youtubers there are no
film review youtubers there are no there are
no there are a lot missing lots
and lots and dozens of communities the ones you
see there are the cool group of
greve mj thank you very much and such
please don't throw any more [ __ ] at
anyone the fried very expensive very expensive guys I mean
look at the nonsense that is this wine
that of course says he's used to
listening to it favorite youtuber and says
nonsense like salt or do you think it's his
own content well it depends depends on
what the streamer comes up with hey I
think that people follow me more because of me than for the
topics I cover now
people who are interested in nothing more than the
topic but a lot of people there are
many other channels that cover the same
topics as me and people don't watch it they watch me
why because they prefer because they know
that I hire because they know that
I look for all the information I give them my
back to things I catch the hypocrisies
or whatever and he likes my way of
doing it own content the one who plays in a
way and the own content
has created the video game
let's see added playing ford nine which
is the only one that has a way and on the
computer well no
thanks fighting [ __ ]
[ __ ] the one who gives
political news is his own content
the one who gives the one who talks about cinema is his
own content the case
film reviews series reviews
[ __ ] [ __ ] arguments that
we that are not arguments are fallacies
fallacious that you repeat over and over again
yours the first favorite to which
you eat the worst because you
eat those stuck to the first
favorites and does not reason it is for yourselves
because one comes to me like you ms you are your
own content of course I do it or
whoever comes out here looking for the information
and who this afternoon at the foot of the canyon and
who hires and who has informed and
who tells it
what [ __ ] is bigger than those yes
yes the 6 please have a little
personality do not pay attention to me not
even dude have criteria come on
back to things, don't be the biggest
girl farts it
's normal that Schubert wanted the
benefit as he's going to want to have it,
bastard but well it's true that the best thing
and the reality is that many of us
who could participate in the project
and who wanted to, would like to participate in
the project didn't know it, I didn't have a
[ __ ] clue, really, I promise you, no, of
course, nobody knows, loves to see if Al is
cool,
if Allen is cool last year he ended the
video saying that he was the last one,
nobody falls for it, each one is very busy with their
work, surely he will crash if they
ask him a month ago, hey, is the wine river made?
If we finance it between us, you
participate for Choca, he would surely say
well and how much does each one put in, one thousand
two thousand five thousand euros,
but each one wondered about Greece, he
went to He's cool, he told him, they closed the
agreement and put out a statement in which they did
n't give a name and in which they didn't give
the conditions, in that statement they
should have said, gentlemen
creators, for the moment Greece has offered, in
fact, that he will finance it and it is made on his
channel  we agree
everyone would be willing to participate and they would have
answered everything but of course they kept
silent because what they wanted was
for everyone to accept by facing the
cool one that everyone to accept each other and once
recorded find out about the move that they
have told him and of course they have said it and because I
said it yesterday and because I saw them
blond they were already telling things the
first one who threw the stone was the FBI
then I put the name because they
told me and then the others confirmed it I
never saw those tweets I didn't
follow when paying I don't know therefore the
technology and Greg's twitter well I didn't
see it so little
this sauce is
finger lickin' good faces savoring food or
David hugged her it's just that he doesn't have
more young people than guys I read tweets but I
don't read that many tweets other things to
do
sorry god possible or tweets sometimes
and other times because I don't read them it's that no I mean there haven't
been two tweets not
fifty alem ball the pau le de lo
clear to the cool one is that is the definition
to alem boln is the paulo  but of those
people who don't have anything else, what's
happening is nothing, but they don't represent the
community, no way, the case is that I do
n't
have more uncles
and those guys the important thing is that
things are going to work out I hope
please I pray to God that all
the
content creators are encouraged to
do it and nothing else I hope that please
this removes all the piques the fights
and everything we are going to do it for the
common good and why do
I already when there is something dirty
involved I prefer that you don't call me for
something it
comes with dirty stuff in between you through
your lip through mine
how good like a king tuna wine of your
best moments on your channel
his shovel as wind michu has done many
times like chevron play
common good that lived handsome that if it is
good and if it is not good it will happen that
people can enjoy a
fantastic,
a fantastic video that is going to be the
new rival for real I think that is the
most important thing and I think that a
shitty year like these
last two years have been for comics, that there is a good
end to the year is very positive for
everyone and it is also a type of
content that  people
really enjoy it guys so let's
hope it goes ahead guys it doesn't
have more
good I want dinner I don't care [ __ ] dick I'm
going to order some dinner I'm going to
order dinner again what I ordered what does
that black say we
close the subject
from here guys tell you that I
bought the rights 300 houses doubled the
offer of the icref and premiered it on my [ __ ]
channel you understand a week before
[ __ ] for one with 800 watermarks
and
and all the characters that appear
on everything youtube whoever appears I
put my [ __ ] face on them and a week later
it was released and it knows its but the first
week only my face in the whole [ __ ]
minecraft doubt face the forn there is also
for a point and one of who cross to
run
everyone
who knows what
that
higuain is now as they call businesswoman
bad people but that kid and
who the kid is talking to and who is
chavez serious and from that little group
that has been solved more or less
Italian
I horrible that video you suck dick
[Music]
look how serious  It doesn't appeal to everyone but
he was the only one who was interested in the
project. The others are fine, thanks now,
interested but really interested, he's
one of the others, it's an excuse, everyone
could but no, you can't throw
[ __ ] at everyone all the time, I mean, people, that's what
I also see now and 9 for
this one is just that anything that has
happened with Greece is everything, everything, that he
is not the bad guy in everything and he is not right about
anything, well he is not right about many
things and I could thank him that
it continues because it was because of
him and that is a [ __ ] reality and whoever does
not want to see it is blind, eye, it is not
like that, I
mean, this was going to put money out of his
pocket,
which I'm going to repeat that the others, YouTube, it
's surely not a question of not putting
money in, but I know that he had the
initiative, damn, he said this with what we
get ahead, I'll pay for it, I know that I
also tell you, I'm sure that it's serious, he hasn't
told people I want to put in money, you
know, you put it with me, he went and
did it for the medal or for
but it's not that he hasn't said anything, it's that let's
see, the thing is, it's not that he hasn't said
anything, the others, it's that I think that
people do
n't quite understand the issue
I think that people don't quite
understand it filth
let's see
[Music] he
's the one who had the initiative okay he's
willing to put up the money okay
[Music]
and not to notify the others in case they
want to put up more money the issue is
not that he puts up the money and it's done
on his channel obviously if you put up the
money then you're in charge
the problem the problem is that he doesn't
go ahead and announce guys that I'm going to
finance the wine river
to be done on my channel no no no no
he's already getting his hopes up in his head
of how that day is going to be not of
how he's going to break the record for
viewers on tweet not of what they're going to
do no what are the stories that he let
slip there in a live broadcast no he's already
plotting his ego the glory no what he's
going to blow it up no
and then what he does
how do I do the wine river
that people participate he
shuts his mouth and puts the ex cool one
that we'll do it the most is filth
also on the part of giving him the cool one
alem boln the  last year he spoke in support
of a lot of youtubers and the one before that
too and now he took it and put his mouth out and
sent a message hey you participate and that's how we
do it this year king wine who is
going to finance it a youtuber no I'm not saying
everything hey shri wine on grefa's channel
because he is going to pay for it you would participate
what happens then what happens is that
rubio is going to say no what happens
is that willy is going to say no to you what
happens is how about because they have kept quiet they
have hidden it on purpose no that they were
thinking about it yes no go ahead no expensive
later of course surprise yes before the
premiere but no no no he has kept his
mouth shut so that so that they don't say
no many people who would say no if
gref does it
says a lot no
and this is a dirty trick on the part of
grave who has tried to do the 13-14
to the others and made a dirty trick on the
part of 'la en moln then this
[ __ ] that some of there are saying
but let's unite let's leave the
grudges let's not leave the  quarrel
so that this goes ahead because this
unites the community it is something healthy no no it is
something healthy it is not a pear it is a video it is
a business it is a video that is being made by
a production company that is going to charge for it
and that is also going to have a lot of publicity
and a lot of repercussions
that they do not make it cool well hire
unicorn hire a bunch of
production companies that there are that make it
requena and more
is who more they hid it from the FBI
exactly the FBI they hid it after
carles well last year
apparently I do not know if he put money which is what he
did but apparently the wine river of
last year went ahead thanks to the FBI
banks and the FBI communicate that if they
want to participate without saying in the
conditions because they have not told them the
conditions so that they do not say no if it is
very easy the only thing that does not
understand it are the smallest farts
of stupidity
well no me when someone comes with already
saved well I do not do it anymore grace
complains to the others for not worrying
about a wine king that was not supposed to
exist contradicts himself only to
take it came out today to say it when today  an
excuse is sought yesterday the live yesterday
when they asked him he acted crazy there are
methods of reporting on the subject I don't
know much but if you are the protagonist
but if you are the protagonist
but stop with the nonsense no for the
good of the community let's leave the
quarrel because this is very healthy very
nice I don't give a damn contract the
contract to someone here there are a lot of
people who do that there
are production companies that do it it's just that there is no
way around it
when someone comes to me with the cross
that they mention
but when they come to me with cheating I
am no longer comfortable working I already
cross myself because because they are going to do it they are going to
be if in the end it happens because they are the
majority not all not all but a large
part of those who are going to participate are
well off because they act well it is
all the time and we have already
talked about it here many times and it is like that
if I managed then in January something else will explode something else will
explode let them throw themselves and
another thing because yes because they have it
saved do you
understand me or not
when people come with cheating to the
most come with cheating spur and attack
[ __ ] I don't know anymore  It's been a while since it's been done it's
healthy it's healthy it's going to
cure your lungs videos that I don't
understand it's cool it's very well
done but out of the way
nonsense the ipc
first part of the community the girlfriend let's
see what she says I can
basically I always
like to do some summaries after finishing
watching things
like summary 4 pin you have to go out to
represent the bald drunk face they
don't call me for those things for me
it's normal I don't have any I
come from
influence no I'm not I don't have as much
impact as those who appear there but
for example Dallas doesn't get invited
and many others don't get invited a
lot of U2 see that they are very relevant
in the Hispanic community and they don't invite them
because they suck our balls cool
and it's not that good not to say that I don't
like to get involved in affairs or anything
but I want to clarify two things the first
is that I have done it because this has really
touched me in the end he is my partner he
is my partner and I have seen him suffer and I have
seen him receive hey in an unfair way
that I am not saying that in  other times I
think that nobody deserves gates because we
all have the right to the right to be
wrong if the beautiful thing is
that he emits you know what happens that we have
clung to the only thing there was to
criticize him he added
we have clung to the only thing there was
to admit the error
videos to learn from the experience and
that it does not happen again I think that nobody
deserves hate but I think that
when you are really being accused of
something that is not real you know even less but
what you are accused of or that it is not real
is that I still do not understand today
one came to me Marc and crazy things not
with a tweet and then they delete it
look for this hand first he put it in
tweet
then he deletes it
and it's like seeing
there
first I put a tweet to delete it
then the most written by first said that it was that they
had shut my
mouth
here I put it I see that it said he
deleted it and says curiosity killed the
cat and that you are a big mouth and tam again
another one
has wanted to call the
youtubers opportunists just because he comes out to
finance when the others were not told
20th what he has done  throw [ __ ]
at his teammates saying that up until now he did
n't want to finance it, now they haven't
complained and they don't want to finance it and they
said that the others didn't want to not
be at fullback while his teammates
say the curiosity is that you are a big mouth and
so back to give another sack and what has
been the shaka
if it literally grows he has come out to
confirm what I have been saying for two
days
what is the sack he has done what I have been
saying for two days it was the okay of the one who
spoke to the FBI it was he wanted to
keep it exclusively to broadcast it
on his channel okay the only thing to
change is that later he said that he would upload it
to alen moln's channel we
would have to see
that when the word of one against the other arrived
but what is the sacta what is it that
someone can tell me what it is that
I have said that I was wrong what is the
most common thing to talk about and I tell him
what was the serve he says you know
that you are the one who speaks without knowing kid
what are you telling me
hehehe
a very intelligent answer in fact I
mean you came first with a tweet
that I don't know what it said because he deleted
it  say that he sends a serve you don't know which one
come on tell me you can kids and put
ratio and he retweets the tweet himself
so that his kids come and tell
me that I don't give a damn about anything
and I put street he has to put that
[ __ ] because I didn't know what to answer and
retweet you alone send tenderness
but well you have to earn your way around
ehret and because then look who it was and it's
one of the r tics
but what ratio again it's that you don't get
tired
when you see this
here it's wet
and it's been retweeted again
and it's like but if it's literally what
gres has done in his live stream has been to
give me the [ __ ] right
literally this morning I'm
not going to tell how I'm not going to tell how
but this time it's called this
morning sorry
suddenly again
I find out in the medium stories that
you know you can see the live stream from this
afternoon
that you know that in the next few hours
aleph moln and de gres are going to make a
video Patricia thank you very much
to justify
and to give explanations of what they have
done
at two or three hours tweet story
big list serious
coral in cool that I lowered a live at
8 you
are not seeing what they are
telling me and where it is coming from it is
100% you
are not seeing what is seeing me one
hundred percent I
say it and it is happening
and when I have wanted to talk about it I do not
like to get into these things in fact it
will be strange if I start to give my opinion or I
start to see it so intensely to
comment on it so intensely being that it has
something to do so directly with me
but because simply sometimes it is
unnecessary but well I wanted to
do it because it is something that has touched me
closely and when I believe that I am a
person who has never
disrespected anyone but I am very clear because of
my values and because of how I am that if there is
something that I do not like I am going to say it I do not care
if it is the most famous person
on YouTube the most famous streamer or
whoever it is or whatever I am never going to bite my
tongue for fear that that person is
whoever it is you know it has never never been like this
nor
in the live of the blond today he said
that  Greece and contacted them through records
to make a call to see if
King Win would come forward and the blond
seemed discouraged, who knows what's going to
happen Sebastian Gracia what's going to
happen is that in the end it's going to be done
because most want to look good
for a while and you can't keep looking
good because everywhere
if you're upset with the situation so
try to be 13-14 take your image
so that the other a record
the piston is the same wanted to be 13-14
don't do it joelito but there what's going to
happen is that they'll make a call
they'll call everyone in groups the
biggest ones and they'll say come on Marcelo
come on and as they'll start to
say yes to others so as not to
stand out they could say yes too okay they're not
26 anyway stay with the good that
we gave then what happens happens what do you do this
mess and you feed the
SAR channels you don't care there's
no more I'm
going to do it if I don't get into trouble it
's because I don't like it not because I'm
afraid  to say anything and from the moment I
say it I will always edit myself as
objectively as possible to give my opinion and above
all I will never back down in front of
anyone from that centanario basically I think that
was in the essence of my
personality and well I think things
can always be said and explained
you are a great bros greetings from Cuba
joke
good ways and
well then such opinion
those others or rather the blonde from the FBI would be
very strong that they accepted after
today they have left them bad or rather what he has
done believe what I have told you this
afternoon they are not going to apologize to their
colleagues they are going to justify themselves they will
turn around something that they can
turn around and they will blame the others
even with a touch of victimhood
thanks and I don't even try to always do it
more if he paid attention to me from the
first moment
we would have much more fun with more
objective possible then that is why
dear react to it and well in the
seconds
the problem goes further imagine being a
follower and subscriber of the blonde if I see
how my idol participates in a rival that has
always been a project of all and
for all in an exclusive channel of
others trimmer imagine how bad  that
those youtubers will feel with their audience - it doesn't
matter
sanz if such an agreement from the beginning
of water the problem is that I am blonde
with the ease of the [ __ ] a lot
serious when we have collaborated in
a series guided by ass
with the problems they have had with him
I am a vegetable or I am willy and I do not
participate friend your criticism is what you
do
and what I do a rewind came out
when it ran when I finance a scoundrel
and try to deceive people to
participate
chewing farts on other channels
or literally
the problem is not that if everything is fine
and everything is accepted it is fine the
problem here the basis of the problem is that
as they know that being like this
things were not going to accept the
same half were not going to accept
then they
have tried to make the [ __ ]
as a conclusion of all this is that
all this has been generated because of
not having all the information about the
fault of your boyfriend of course because of your
boyfriend that trying to make the [ __ ] to the
others like that it
is simple
hey you have to be in the re wing if
not I will make one for you haha great I pass on
this
meza move because  I'm sure that the
people who have spoken out
publicly if they had had everything
on the table they wouldn't have acted like that I
want to think that they wouldn't have acted like that
so the problem has been that there has
been a lot of misinformation that hasn't
gone directly to the person involved
to ask for explanations and well and that in the
end it has been due to
issues of impulses and because people
in the end it is what I said before they speak
without knowing I'm
not talking about YouTube or
streaming and nothing I talked in general
people really like to give their opinion without
really having any idea of what happened
so it's like
but if it is literally it is that I do
not understand this this manipulation of
people that I do not understand literally what
has happened in what was being
talked about
literally what has happened is what is being
talked about that I do not understand this
fallacy really
although it is a chain in which the
first one explodes and the others follow so in the
end the misinformation
Javi told you something he gives it for the
dismantling of his video that you made it
was a very bad video seriously
the video was not bad at all thank you very much
the video was very well done  The
video was not bad, the video was a
well-crafted video with a lot of information and a
good structure, well put together. What I
put was street, he doesn't even know what the
series is talking about, a crime. The only thing I ask for is
some things that he no longer knows. In return, he
pointed out the problem is that they use your image
so that someone else breaks records and you without
knowing which one is ugly exactly but that they
use your image knowing that if you
knew it you would not accept to participate, I
see it very clearly. I love him, they created the
store, it is short, that's clear
and what about it, we do not care about
the nonsense of the videos and so on.
We are friends beyond the fact that
an opinion of a controversy, having
exploded, not having done things
correctly has caused this
whole unpleasant and
unnecessary atmosphere to be generated, but well, I insist, the hate
must be tried to avoid it, we all make
mistakes, we all do things wrong, the
important thing is what I have said, knowing how to
recognize what your boyfriend did not recognize her,
but the important thing is knowing how to recognize it,
but he did not recognize her,
you are not going to have to have gone out and
say if they caught me, I was
greed, more blinded
when
greed and  greed has come to me I
wanted to break the record I wanted to be a
really cool event I
should have told all the
streamers that I'm organizing it of
course but it's that you haven't put in to love
the blonde to read and learn from it and
move forward and do things better
the next time something like this happens to you and
when I want to incite that you should never
throw geita at anyone, I mean even if
the person is wrong I think you are
things [ __ ] I think consuming tweets
because you like strippers if I
have said it a lot is what we like don't
follow it don't look at it don't ignore it you
ignore it and well
so that you always try to
speak from knowledge
as the moral of this is to
always try to talk about things that
speak with the knowledge of what you
are saying with check that
look that your arguments are backed up and
then above all have your own opinion no do
n't get carried away by what
people say I don't know let's not be a herd let's stop
being a herd let's learn to have our own opinion
let's learn to let the desire to
find out what is  happening
what is the truth that is or rather what is
right for you then we have to
try a little to foster those desires
thank you very much two things and well and above
all not create hate [ __ ] in the end we
also join together alone the thing is that we have to
join together so that gay people
cease to exist
so that no one has to endure how
thousands of people insult them or mess
with them whether because they have done something wrong
or because they are
but that people complain and
criticize the filth that they have done those
logical kisses
of information whether for whatever it is it
is not pleasant it is not necessary when I think
that people when they do something wrong they
know it and believe me that it is already enough
punishment for a person to know that they have
done something wrong so that thousands and
thousands of people
are on top of them or rather or rather
the girlfriend is saying that she is aware
that her boyfriend
thank you four months
she is not saying that there is enough
punishment that she knows that she has done wrong
then
in private she knows that she has done wrong and she
will have gone through more she will have copied her
head but in public what she has done
has been to throw throw at the other two
when you do  something someone does something wrong you
already feel the pressure we put on
ourselves when we do
things and especially when we do
things wrong it is very great if on top of that you have
thousands of people who are
crushing you that mistake does not help you it is not
that they are making you see the error that
is sinking you they are sinking you
then you have to be a little
from the moment in which you set those
conditions it is obvious that your motivation
is not altruistic let the Samaritan disguise take off
the girlfriend too the girlfriend
leave the poor thing who is giving her
opinion
listen to me let's see
I think that nobody does what we are
here working very rarely do we do
something altruistically there are times when you
can do something on impulse because
something gets on your nerves because something to
defend yourself you can do it for many
things but the vast majority of times it is
for work that yes you can do
something from the heart today a charitable act
because such hey yes obviously but the
majority of things that are done here
we are working so
altruistically it is not he said or so a
round business I put the money here even if you do
not recover it and let's imagine that the
situation  is that he uploads it to the balloon
as if it were true what they said
today that he does it in tweets but that he
does it with the plunger the suv the plunger
mass canarias the plunger then takes
the money from the monetization it
would seem very strange to me really if
the agreement were to be made by greve for the
money he finances it and then takes the
cool one and takes the monetization of the
channel it doesn't make much sense I understand
that if
I don't believe in that agreement
the aquarium I don't believe it I'm going to
say that it is to put up the money what sense does it make that
the other apart from doing the
work uploads it to his channel and
also takes the monetization it doesn't make sense it does
n't make sense that agreement the cold ones
from dulce foral in a balloon everywhere it does
n't make sense but well that's
not the thing since he had
finances the project it happens that it is done on
your channel and you take the glory of the roll
very
[ __ ] great the problem is that you
deceive others or hide information from them
because you know that they are going to reject you to
participate because you know that they are going to reject
you to give you  his image no that
is the problem that has gone with the 13-14
a little more empathetic and above all not be
hypocrites because we all make mistakes
and we all like that when we make
mistakes we are forgiven and we are
helped and above all to improve as a
person so nothing I hope that the rival
comes out I hope that the community second I
hope that each one gives what they want to give
and that they are not judged by you
how are you going to make a fortune from a video let's
see if that is that you are very deceived
credit the fallacies of all the
youtubers
this of course is speaking for him I can't
[Music] what
happened baby
how are you going to make a fortune from a video that in
close-up the investment is already lost
for the creation of it x d
that the investment is already a loss it is that if it is
worth seeing let's see
wait for them to check we are on
youtube
we are live if we throw in law we are let's
see you have made believe
you have made believe that this has been
done for love of art and that this fact has been
done for love of art that nothing
more than the drama that has cost him the
money and that they've done it solely
because it's very pretty and very healthy that's
what they've made us believe okay
last year the Huai River I don't
think they raised like 10,000 they didn't
raise ten thousand euros and of those ten
thousand euros he
says to the spur that he put 5,000
altruistically before donating 5,000
euros what can I say to an animal association
he donates it the wine river no he spends five
thousand euros because you know he's going to
recover it
okay first of all
here's a video
announcing it okay
here's a video proposing the
project this video has 2 million 600
thousand views here's another video of a
million
explaining again how the project is going to go
and so on okay here it already has a thousand
bucks at least here they already have a thousand or
two thousand bucks at least three million
and some views well let's put it a
thousand thousand 500 euros okay at least
here it has almost a million here it has
another little bit of money we don't know how much
here it has another little bit of money less than 1000
okay but well then between all of
these three videos between  these three
videos between a thousand and two thousand euros is
earned
okay between these three videos and then you
have what is the river there is an
18 minute video with 22 million views, so do
n't touch my dick it's
between 20 and 30 thousand euros
these are between 20 and 30 thousand euros but
then you also have here
for almost 10 thousand almost 10 million
are four
five six seven eight million and a bit
worth eight million and a bit views two
of the videos for more than 40 minutes
40 minutes and 38 others of 10 minutes here
have their other 10 thousand Chinese turkeys
be this
I would dare to say I could be
wrong because the monetization of each
channel is very relative okay but I to
Josie al in cool says that I don't earn anything
from the copyright difficult already I would
dare to say
what they come out boln says that the copyright jumped on him
in this one in 2019 okay we would have to
see at what point the copyright jumped on him
if it was before publishing them
or was it when at the time when he already
had all the views
okay but  what is the 2020 I
would dare to say that there is between 30 and 40
thousand euros of monetization I could be
wrong and it could be a little less or a
little more worth less than 20,000 euros 25
thousand euros not to monetize 8
we are talking about 30 million
views 30 million views
30 million views plus the pre ok
so it is a video that the budget has
been raised not live they did not
raise it not ten thousand and then
this is not done for the love of art as he
has said and then the issue of his
workers well I imagine that if
he has a company that is dedicated to
this the workers will receive a salary
per month up there and no no
I do not know that those are things that we are not going to
find out about or we are going to know or we do not
care to be really we do not care
really we do not care that he earns what he
deserves or that Monetti I mean each
one has to earn the views that he
has what he generates okay
but tell me
that you have been able to make this great
video
that  it was the [ __ ]
that you could have done it with 15,000
and now it needs 150 thousand a
budget that you want
of course whatever you want the
more budget you have the better it will be clear
but
perez of losses there is no
this is not done for losses this kid has
made money with his
youtube channel that finally now he dedicates himself
to something else it's worth whatever you want
because he has deleted most of his
videos but this kid at the time
uploaded videos to delete a lot and even
deleted 200 videos look
okay
we will talk about this kid's channel
but what but not to me for being stupid
not to me for being stupid not to me for being stupid
not
to me for being stupid that thing about it not being
last year it was done with 15 thousand euros
but that's not worth fifteen thousand euros
if it was done with 15,000 it's that it was done with
15 less it's that
now he wants to bring people from
Latin America
there and he can bring and well here Michael
Jackson from the grave too if he wants
if you want to get people from
Latin America then you go there
or  are you going or did they
get it? What makes me a
cagun one and they are you don't give him a camera
and explain to him what you have to record if you
want, want is or he doesn't know how to do it, he doesn't have the
means there to do it with quality and with do
n't get on my balls please man
have some criteria and don't believe
everything some kids tell you, I say they
are two kids, the gres and the other thing,
man, when this child was born I was already coming
back and yeah you
have to make fun of me,
that's how I am, I am they insult them while you
're donating, they insult us, they say I
yell and that doesn't matter anymore it's that they are I am
corte and tokio
and all this has been done with 15 my
porsche well this year with 15,000 also
that they want to do it 250 for it will turn out
better, of course posada the best
last minute legal to buy and wine
for what for what no, although we do not
share their opinion and we do not
understand it, we must respect it and nothing that we
are going to cross our fingers so that
all this [ __ ] of this [ __ ] comes out
something positive but if  the one who puts the
money out ibai wouldn't be so much because it wouldn't have
confused us so much but because iba he
would have told the people upfront
what there was
and if it had been and va and the one who puts the
money and the one who is going to broadcast it on his
channel then surely he would
n't have to deceive people to
come out because he knows that people are not
going to back down even if he knows that it
is on his channel
being on gref's channel then there would be
a few who wouldn't want to participate
of course that's why they try to deceive them
if you yourselves know the
nonsense of defending coffee
but I insist that to do so you have to
change the attitude and attitude and you
have to change the attitude and move
forward and be positive and leave
the bad vibes behind a bit because if
not what the phrase can evolve
we devolve with time
maribel says that we are going to sleep let's
see is that if the tortilla comes in I
announce my death from now on
and well in the middle they have told me that it is
active that he messes with me no well
the miner they have told me the miner
man said that he defends gref that he has
been reacting and that he defends him  in
all
boyer they are very heavy I [ __ ] myself to the
very [ __ ]
this the hub and oliveira is a [ __ ] geek
and the plunger confirm the alerts
of nonsense
andorra it would be logical to record something from the
wine river if the ruby comes out I used xxvi it
seemed very absurd to me I would not like it I
think that in bolonio I think they are in
andorra because he went today for that they no longer
have the script yet he has
not gone to record he has
not gone to record
the best that I only say nonsense
whenever you want you come to a debate I will
put you in your place whenever you want you
come here one night to debate
we hope for a little review of the nonsense
that you say and I put you in your place and
azul constitutes
the title in the truth you think you are faithful in
cool they confirm the dirty play with the
re win that they are your friends very well but do
not tell me that I do not
say anything nonsense because nonsense says it
that I am not offended or anything personal genres
but but that whenever you want they
come here we have a debate and I
put a title in your  site
[Music]
bracey if you have subscribed
this puts a counter on a
live youtube video I'm on this channel
eye to the cat is criticizing me for putting
a counter but it comes here today it's
eating in the eggs I added defend it
efe the counter is and on the cover you
have all the channels we have a
news channel don't care channel they
say asq they say as I'm not either I am I am
very
piccone je you want to see me by the neck that
gets in here with you
alec moln said that the previous one cost
15,000 because the credit people
didn't get paid but I don't know that's what they say
in the end it's his word against the
others
the credit people didn't get paid
the credit people didn't get paid let's
see here we have a
camera these six 3d animators not
2d animators
assistants
graphic designers
the animation of minecraft
in fact javi already put a counter for that
thanks happy well I do
n't know what you want me to tell you that they haven't gotten
paid well I do
n't know necessarily well I do
n't know for sure that they have
n't gotten paid
then the budget in what is it going
then  the budget
is that we cannot know that, we are
not going to see but in my opinion it remains the
same, let's see if it is that here the issue
is not the issue of travel and food
but it is that as they have worked almost
entirely five hours in such a
way that the issue is not that it is five
thousand euros that it is ten thousand that it is 30
thousand that it can be done with 15,000 but
that it has to be done with 150 that
is not the issue here the question is that
for some to participate who were going to back
out what they have tried has
been to deceive hide let's call it
hide okay but let's go that they have not
collected
well not at 6 the truth is I do not know
well
[Music]